Select the pedagogically sound piece(s) of advice for structuring a reading lesson around a one-page newspaper article.
1. a, b, c, d X

Select all the correct sentence(s) Fossilized language errors are always:
--> b

Select the pedagogically sound piece(s) of advice for structuring a reading lesson around a one-page newspaper article.
1. a b c d X

What kind of language lesson can you use a text-based presentation framework for?
(select all the correct answers)
--> a b c

A tutor gave the following instructions to their B1 student, but unfortunately, the student didn’t understand what they had to do. How could the tutor improve the instructions? (select all the correct answers) 'We are going to play. Place your counter on 'start’. If you roll 6, roll again. If you land on a question, talk about it for 2 minutes. If I land on a question, make me talk for 2 minutes by asking questions about the topic. If you land on a bomb, go back to square 1.'
1. a b c X

Which of these tasks follows the principles of communicative language teaching?
1. c X

What method/approach/framework is this tutor using? The tutor sends a video that explains the use of the ‘plus-que-parfait’ (a past tense in French) to the student, using examples of a story. Then, in the live lesson with the tutor, the student does gap-fill activities to practise this tense and then creates a past-tense story together with their tutor.
1.d X


What’s wrong with this explanation of the term ‘mortgage’ for an A2 learner? 

'Oh, a mortgage? That’s a tricky thing in life! It’s basically a larger sum of money, like a loan, but it’s an agreement between you and a lender (that is typically a bank) that gives the lender the right to take your property if you fail to repay the money you've borrowed plus the interest amount. Do you understand?'
--> a b c


You are setting up a task in a lesson with a B2 student. This is the first question. 



What would be pedagogically sound to do?
1. b X

What’s the ‘flipped classroom’ approach?
--> b


After explaining the difference between ‘library’ and ‘bookshop’, asking “So to which one do you have to bring the books back?”  is an example of:

1. a b c X


Imagine that you are planning a task-based lesson to teach your A2-level student functional language to talk to their hairdresser. Which task would be the best main focus of the lesson?
1. a b c d

PPP and TTT are examples of:
1. a b X


Select ALL the pedagogically sound pieces of advice when it comes to giving students feedback
--> a c


Select THREE pieces of advice that are pedagogically sound when it comes to teaching vocabulary:
1. a c e

Which technique is NOT effective when working on pronunciation errors?
--> a


Why is it important to focus on the FORM of new vocabulary?
1. a b c d


Which of the following are potential sources of student errors?
--> a b c


Choose the TWO errors that should be prioritised for feedback after a speaking activity.
--> b c


Select the pedagogically sound piece(s) of advice from the list below:
1. a b c


What’s problem(s) can you find with this explanation of the word “embarrassed” given to a B1 student? 
1. a c

Which teaching framework is this teacher describing?

'Last week in class, I asked my student to design an advertisement for a new type of chocolate bar. During the lesson, we also looked at some real advertisements together, and my student practised writing slogans.'
1. c d